Preparation for release 0.1.0-pre-alpha-08 (#7)
liveview-native/liveview-native-core-jetpack: README.md

# LiveView Native Core Jetpack

This library provides an abstraction layer on top of the [LiveView Native Core](https://github.com/liveview-native/liveview-native-core) library.

## Pre-requisites

> In order to build this library, it's necessary to following steps:

Reviewer: Just a small typo here:

```suggestion
In order to build this library, it's necessary to do the following steps:
```

- Use the latest version of [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio) with [NDK](https://developer.android.com/studio/projects/install-ndk).

> - This project contains RUST files which depending on **LiveView Core libray** and exposes functionalities to the Kotlin layer via [JNI](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/technotes/guides/jni/spec/jniTOC.html). Therefore, you need to [install RUST](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install).

Reviewer: Some more typos:

```suggestion
- This project contains Rust files which depends on **LiveView Core library** and exposes functionality to the Kotlin layer via [JNI](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/technotes/guides/jni/spec/jniTOC.html). Therefore, you need to [install Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install).
```

> - After install RUST, you'll need to install the toolchains for each platform which the library will be generated *(arm, arm64, x86, x86_64, darwin-x86-64, darwin-aarch64)*. This project is using [RUST Gradle Plugin](https://github.com/mozilla/rust-android-gradle), therefore follow the steps described in the correspondent section in their website. For instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After installing Rust, you'll need to install the toolchains for each platform which the library will be generated *(arm, arm64, x86, x86_64, darwin-x86-64, darwin-aarch64)*. This project is using [Rust Gradle Plugin](https://github.com/mozilla/rust-android-gradle), therefore follow the steps described in the corresponding section in their website. For instance:
```
